hey guys this is fierce and today I'm
gonna talk about the amazing healing
self it cost 100 gold and it heals you
for 400 hitpoints over 10 seconds this
amazing item does so much more than just
healing you and it's something I don't
see many players doing at all first of
all the strategy will require a courier
if no one on your team bought a courier
you should buy a courier regardless of
what role you're playing one thing to
note is that this is an early game
strategy and doesn't really transition
into mid game a lot of new players
complain about being under level with
every game one of the reasons you're
probably under level is because you're
going back to your base too many times
like this Pudge use the courier to bring
you whatever you need at base while you
stay in lane and get that extra
experience and gold every game I
probably buy myself two or three healing
cells so I don't have to go back to base
this way I can keep farming in my lane
and gaining experience if you think
about it one wave of creeps is worth two
healing cells and if you stay in lane
you don't have to use a teleport scroll
to get back to your lane if you don't
use the teleport scroll you will miss
two waves of creeps even if you miss all
the creep kills you can consider this a
method for trading gold for experience
which can be very important early in the
game having the courrier bringing
regeneration items is definitely a net
gain here is one situation to consider
one way to win your Lane is by having
more regeneration than your lane
opponent this queen of pain is pretty
much thrashing on this and image with
her harass the animage brings himself to
healing salves and uses one right away
he gets harass him more and uses his
next healing self he bides his time and
waits for the right moment he uses
altima to kill her with healing salves
anything is possible so let's think
about this for a moment the anime spent
200 gold on two healing salves he gained
230 gold for killing the queen of pain
already this was worth it
now think about the experience you just
gained and the gold the queen of pain
loss for dying now this is definitely
worth it in this next clip I have the
courrier bringing myself to heal
themselves in a magic wand it's always
nice to have healing salves before you
need them notice the time it's still
early in the game so the healing salves
are still very effective
so anyways Bane comes to gank from my
lane and I use my magic wand to get just
enough mana to use my ultimate
I'm about to die so I tie my healing
south after the Auto Attack lands I hide
in the fog of war so I don't get damaged
which
dispel my healing self because I have
enough hit points we can chase the witch
doctor and towerdive him letting us 1/3
kill I have to use my other healing self
but I gained 220 gold for the kill and I
didn't lose money for dying which means
this was definitely worth it would I
have been able to do this without my
healing self definitely not what should
have been a two-for-one trade turned out
to be a340 trade because of my healing
salves healing salves are so imbalanced
early in the game learn to use them wait
you're still not convinced what if I
told you that you can bait your enemies
into dying Ilya gets down to 62 hit
points and he will definitely die in two
hits but he uses his healing salve while
in the fog of war ventral spirit has no
idea and chases him down only to
discover a real lifeline she runs her
bitch ass and the anti-mage blinks in to
grab the kill alias still gets 45 gold
for the assist and doesn't die so that
was definitely worth it there are some
spells that don't dispel healing South
including level 3 rot level 1 battle
hunger level for ion shell level 4 howl
of terror burning Spears and urn of
shadows thank you for watching and I
hope I converted you into an early game
healing salves user
you